project objectives
The main aim of this project is to develop a banking bot using artificial intelligent algorithms which should be able to analyze and understand. 
Chatbots allow businesses to connect with customers in a personal way without the expense of human representatives.
 For example, many of the questions or issues customers have are common and easily answered. That's why companies create FAQs and troubleshooting guides.
The core purpose of banking chatbots is to provide the customers with prompt service and to improve the operational efficiency of the bank and its employees. 
Besides, Conversational AI in banking also assists the staff to distribute their work




 
What is the main objective of chatbot
Chatbots allow businesses to connect with customers in a load
personal way without the expense of human representatives. 
A chatbot system uses conversational artificial intelligence (AI) technology to simulate a discussion (or a chat) with a user in natural language via messaging applications, websites, mobile apps or the telephone.
Chatbots boost operational efficiency and bring cost savings to businesses while offering convenience and added services to internal employees and external customers.
 They allow companies to easily resolve many types of customer queries and issues while reducing the need for human interaction
the main use of chatbot 
Now with chatbots, teachers can automate their repetitive tasks. The bots can answer any student query, be it related to the course, assignments, or deadlines, while the teachers monitor the student progress. 
Chatbots also customize content and personalize individual student experiences
Chatbots can automate tasks performed frequently and at specific times.
 This gives employees time to focus on more important tasks and prevents customers from waiting to receive responses. Proactive customer interaction..
the components of a chatbot
The user flow - Starting with intents. The NLU Engine is composed of multiple components of chatbot. ...
Fetching a response. ...
Backend Integration. ...
Generative models. ...
Retrieval-based models. ...
Pattern-based heuristics. ...
Machine learning for intent classification. ...
Environment.